Oh, my!
It's so dark.
I thought it was going to rain, but it's already five.
But our game is the night.
We have a good bird.
It's a bird of the sea.
Well, well.
Hey, hey, hey, you're so fast.
If you're going to be so fast, get in the basket.
What are you talking about?
I can't get in the basket.
You can't get in there.
Or you can go out and pass the fence.
I'll forgive you.
This is the first bird in hell.
It's the second bird.
If you don't say anything, I'll put you in the basket.
I'll put you in the basket.
Well, we're birds of the sea.
I'm going to put you in the basket.
I'll put you in the basket.
You're so fast.
Oh, well, well.
I can't go to Edo if I'm so used to it.
I can't go back to my country.
Oh, well, well.
If you want to, Mr. Kumosuke,
please put me in your basket.
I'm not going to put you in the basket.
But is there a trick?
What is it?
It's a coin with a friend's signature.
Where did you drop the money?
Oh, there's something good.
There's a letter in this box.
This is the money for the money.
What?
Is this money?
Oh, I'll read it.
Okay, I'll read it for you.
What? What?
I'll ask you with a letter.
S opens the heck up and B opens the hole.
Shut up!
The coin of unique money.
As for that,
the coin is quiet.
That would be flashมul eyes.
We can put it in the basket without cheating.
He is a man who is called Kabuki actor.
The word Marunii is a solid evidence.
Then Marunii is the word.
Then here.
Good luck, good luck.
Good luck.